#summary About this project

= Introduction =

This project started out as a kind of 'place holder' for Gruvin's personal upgrades, hacks and mods to his ER9X (http://code.google.com/p/er9x/) powered Turnigy 9X V2 RC transmitter.

= Details =

The developer's main intention is to provide (mostly for himself, admittedly) a growing range of features and functions to support Fr-Sky telemetry natively on the '9X.

As of revision 6, the following two features have been added ...

*Feature 1 -- Key-repeat delay*

The stock ER9X/TH9X code does not implement a delay between a menu button press and when that button starts auto-repeating. This results in the occasional skipping over desired settings. The KEYRPT=DELAY make directive (defaults to on) fixes this.

*Feature 2 -- Buzzer replaced with Speaker for variable pitch tones etc*

Apart from the fact that the stock '9X 'beeper' is incredibly upsetting to the air (:-P) ... useful telemetry feedback while flying a model aircraft necessitates the use of something other that visual readout on the LCD display. An intuitive array of various sounds, including short tunes, rising and falling pitch etc seems the obvious choice.

The BEEPER=SPEAKER make directive implements such a feature. The onboard beep gets disconnected and replaced by a small speaker (from some cheap headphones) being connected between Vdd (ground) and through a 4u7 capacitor directly to port PE3. This is available on the beeper/power-switch board as the input of the buffer transistor feeding the original beeper module.

Once installed, you may well find that turning key beeps back on will not be such an unpleasant thing! But yet better things are to come.

(It's also intended to install a headphone jack so this feature can be used more appropriately at the field.)

Future feature update documentation will be published elsewhere in this wiki. Mailing lists will be created at some point, time etc allowing.