#summary Binaries for download from the trunk/stable repository

= Latest Development Snaphot Binaries (.HEX files) =

There are five versions of pre-compiled development binary .hex files you can download for flashing your '9X without needing to compile from source. WARNING: Serious bugs can exist in these versions at any time, without warning. Exercise extreme caution.

These versions all carry the latest development code changes, untested features, new bug and also recent bug-fixes.

Each version pertains to the various combinations of hardware mods that may or may not have been performed on the target 9X radio.

== UNSTABLE Binary .hex Download Links ==

 * *[http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/branches/frsky/gruvin9x-stock.hex gruvin9x-stock.gif]* -- For stock hardware (no internal re-wiring) -- includes the keypad auto-repeat and bat. voltage averaging patches, nicer fonts and much more.

 * *[http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gruvin9x-std-speaker.hex gruvin9x-std-speaker.hex]* -- For [SpeakerReplacement speaker upgrade] only. No Fr-Sky wiring mods.

 * *[http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gruvin9x-frsky-nospeaker.hex gruvin9x-frsky-nospeaker.hex]* -- [FrskyInterfacing Fr-Sky telemetry] mod, but no speaker upgrade.

 * *[http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gruvin9x-frsky-speaker.hex gruvin9x-frsky-speaker.hex]* -- [FrskyInterfacing Fr-Sky telemetry] and [SpeakerReplacement speaker upgrade] mods in place.

 * [http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/gruvin9x.hex gruvin9x.hex] -- *You probably _DON'T_ want this version!* Fully 'Gruvinvized' with [FrskyInterfacing Fr-Sky], [SpeakerReplacement speaker upgrade] and other 'random' gruvin9x features, such as moving LH_Trim_Up/Dwn away from USART1 to free same for secondary serial communications. (The latter mod is still experimental and no documentation exists for it.) 


== Change Log ==

A log of the most recent as well as previous changes (since r377) for the above binary versions can be found at [http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/src/CHANGELOG].
