#summary Frequently Asked Questions

= G9X FAQ =
<b>F</b>requently <b>A</b>sked <b>Q</b>uestions

----

*Q.* *How do I delete a DR/EXPO, MIXER line or model?*

*A.* Click `[MENU]` once on the line/model you want to delete, so that is becomes 'selected', as if you were going to copy or move it. Then, while it is still selected, press `[EXIT LONG]`. 

This same procedure should work for deleting lines in all similar menus. In the models menu, you get an 'Are you sure?' type pop-up, for extra safety.

NOTE: You cannot delete the currently active model. (It's a safety feature.)

----

*Q.* *Is there a support forum for gruvin9x?*

*A.* No and there never will be. But there is a [http://groups.google.com/group/gruvin9x-discuss gruvin9x email list] hosted by Google Groups.

The reason for no forum is that we intend to create a structured,  online help section using the project wiki -- as well as a PDF user manual, which we believe will be hugely more efficient for the intended purpose.

----

*Q.* *Where is the updated PDF user manual for gruvin9x?*

*A.* It's still under development. No time frame for a first edition is yet known. 

In the mean time, please refer to this FAQ or consult the members of the gruvin9x Google discussion group (email <i>gruvin9x-discuss</i> `[at]` <i>google</i>`[delete_no_spam]`<i>groups.com</i>) for answers to any mysteries.

As a filler or for different wording on the same topic of how the multiplexing mixer stuff works you could refer to [http://www.parkflyers.org.nz/modules/newbb/viewtopic.php?post_id=48056#forumpost48056 this forum post] (by Gruvin). Skip past the heli-setup part.

----

*Q.* *How do I calibrate the '9X battery voltage reading? It's reading half a volt or more off what it should!*

*A.* Some variance from radio to radio in this respect is normal and to be expected. Just like the sticks and pot's, *you need to calibrate the battery voltage reading*.

On the ANA screen -- in the set-up menus accessed from `[LEFT long]` -- if you press `[DOWN]`, you'll end up at the battery voltage (not labelled so) down the bottom of the screen. You can then adjust the value up and down to have it match what your volt meter says the battery voltage really is.

It's a good idea to take a backup of the EEPROM (which includes this calibration setting) straight away. If you're using eePe or companion9x for model configuration etc, then you should take care to use this most recent backup as the base for all your future EEPROM data. If in doubt later on, get your volt meter out and check the calibration again.

----

*Q.* *How to use the Telemetry A1/2. It's Confusing!*

*A.* Yes, it is confusing. The current ('Frisky') version really only supports voltages -- though you can set "MaxV" to the maximum value of some other unit, like Km/h, if it makes sense in your case. There's no offset capability however (for going down into negative numbers.)

A better system is being thrashed out. Right now (2011-01-26) it's most likely going to allow you to specify your own unit for display (ex. Km/h) and to set values _b_ and _c_ in the classic linear translation formula, _r = mb + c_ -- multiplier and offset, in other words. Calibration will be given lower priority, possibly hidden behind a magic button, like `[MENU LONG]`.

With the proposed new system, if you had a gadget that converts Km/h wind speed over a range of zero to 100Km/hr, to a voltage between 0V and 3.3V, then your multiplier would be (100/3.3=) 30.30 and your offset 0.0.

Another example might be temperature, from -20C to +80C, also output as 0V to 3.3V over that range. This would also require a multiplier of 30.30 (the range is also 100 units) and an offset of -20.0.

_I was going to extend the present "mode" selection to do all that for us, only for common and known available sensors. I've since been convinced to change it to the above scheme and provide a selection of common templates to take away the math for those cold, winter flying days when the brain don't work so well._ (Gruvin)

----
 