#summary Building Your Own gruvin9x PC Board

= Building Your Own G9X PC Board =

== Preliminary Information ==

This page has been thrown together quickly to help you get started. The information is probably not well laid out and also incomplete in places.

== Where to get your PCB ==

The V4.1 PCB is now available for purchase at [http://gruvin9x.com].

== Where to get the parts ==

In short, DigiKey or Farnell (element14.com, outside the UK). If you're in the UK, Farnell is probably the cheaper choice (free shipping for online orders.) Everywhere else will probably have better luck with DigiKey.

For parts details, please see the three BOM (bill of materials) files at [http://code.google.com/p/gruvin9x/source/browse/#svn%2Farchive%2Fpcb-v4.1a-frozen/assembly archive/pcb-v4.1a-frozen/assembly]. (If you're using just a web browser, you'll need to use the "View raw file" link, found at the lower right of the page, after clicking a BOM file link, to download the Excel spreadsheet file.)

The BOM files are Excel spreadsheet format. You can view them in Open Office or using Google Docs.

Another way to get the BOM files would be to do an svn check-out of the `pcb-v4.1a-frozen/assembly` folder, using the command (assuming you have Subversion installed) ...

{{{
svn co https://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/archive/pcb-v4.1a-frozen/assembly g9x-assembly
}}}

... which will create a local folder named `g9x-assembly`.

== Construction Advice ==

Be sure to watch these two videos, showing how to almost effortlessly solder tiny SMD parts ...

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMZq0CZ67WY Soldering SMD 0603 sized parts]

[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r69WvRybgCU Soldering the TQFP 0.5mm pitch, 100-pin ATmega2560 chip]

There's also a very nicely made [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NN7UGWYmBY video by Curious Inventor] over at YouTube. The techniques are roughly the same. But some additional options and informational gems are offered.

=== Parts Placement ===
There is a silk-screen PDF for the main V4.1 board, to use as a parts placement guide here ... [http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/archive/pcb-v4.1a-frozen/assembly/gruvin9x-SilkS_Front.pdf gruvin9x-SilkS_Front.pdf]


Here's a reference photo of Gruvin's 2nd build. (Note that some of the larger capacitors here (22u, 47u) are ceramic, whereas the BOM parts list may call for tantalum. Either will be OK.)


<a href="http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/PcbAssembly.attach/v41-reference.jpg">http://gruvin9x.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/PcbAssembly.attach/v41-reference-small.jpg</a>

Click the above image for full-size view.


=== LCD Padding Foam ===

No one seems to know where to get the foam used to pad between the PCB and the LCD display. However, the best solution I know of is to simply buy the HobbyKing.com [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewItem.asp?idProduct=16720 LCD back-light kits] and use the appropriately thinner foam pad that comes with it. (Also available at HobbyKing in white and green coloured lighting.)

By the way, that is also the LED back-light intended for the upper right connector (K5) on the G9X board, with J1 pads 1&2 bridged, as in the above photo. BE SURE TO USE THE RIGHT-HAND TWO PINS of K5 for the LED back-light. (The left pin is full-current, 5 Volts.)

----

Old v4.0 assembly notes can be found [V40Assembly here].