#summary Progress notes for Fr-Sky telemetry support
#labels Phase-Implementation,Featured

= Telemetry =

There are a number of "all-in-one" transmitter/telemetry solutions on the market, including those from [http://jetimodel.com/index.php?page=products&old=0&category=4 JETI] and [http://www.frsky-rc.com/Products.asp?BigClassID=17 Fr-Sky], plus a number of stand-alone solutions including the amazing FPV-empowering [http://www.eagletreesystems.com/ Eagle-Tree] gear and even DIY systems employing things like SparkFun's [http://www.sparkfun.com/categories/111 XBee] modules, teamed up with an [http://diydrones.com/profiles/blogs/ardupilot-mega-home-page ArduPilot-Mega] for example.


== So why [http://www.frsky-rc.com/Products.asp?BigClassID=17 Fr-Sky]? ==

Well, local tests have shown the brand to be very reliable, robust and functional to date. Additionally, this kit is very economically priced AND the working protocols are freely published by the manufacturer. This all makes for an ideal match with the gruvin9x open source project. 

(The author has not personally experienced the JETI product, though it seem quite popular also.)

= Progress to Date =

Details of progress to date can be found on the [FrSky] wiki page.

= Looking further ahead =

A cool idea I got from Bruce over at [http://rcmodelreviews.com RCModelReviews.com] is to utilise his onboard telemetry hub to give each equipped model a unique ID -- so that, when this ID is detected by a Fr-Sky enabled '9X, it could automatically load the correct model programming -- or warn if it's wrong -- or whatever. 

 _I'm seriously considering the idea of (optionally) storing model programming data in the model itself. In this way, any compatible '9X system would, 'just know' how to control any given, suitably equipped model._
 
You'd never have to worry about the number of model memories again -- or even which radio to grab of the shelf (in the perfect world) -- because each model stores its own data! Who knows? One day, this sort of thing might become standardised and used by all reputable RC radio brands. 

Well, it has to start somewhere and, HOPEFULLY, having this out in the public domain now will prevent some greedy/stupid-old-school organisation stunting the idea's widespread use with patents etc. We can hope. :-D